Pass info from FEEDS to ItemExporter (#4768)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/feed-exports.rst

-   ``indent``: falls back to :setting:`FEED_EXPORT_INDENT`.

> -   ``item_export_kwargs``: dict with kwargs for :ref:`Item exporters <topics-exporters>` classes.

Reviewer: :lipstick: 

```suggestion
-   ``item_export_kwargs``: :class:`dict` with keyword arguments for the corresponding :ref:`item exporter class <topics-exporters>`.
```
